# Fire-Mod-Updater
Installs modpacks for basically any game based on what the user selects. Originally developed for paradox games, but should support most games as long as it has a standardized location to unpack mods too. Put simply, this program downloads a json file that is just a list of places and names of files it can download, then the user pics a file to download, and the program downloads that file and extracts it to a configured location.

# Setup
Someone in your group of players has to host a server that will host all the files other players will download. The first file that needs to be created and hosted is [scriptVariables.json](https://github.com/RagingFlames/Fire-Mod-Updater/blob/main/scriptVariables.json). It doesn't have to be called this if you don't want, [but when users get prompted to configure their](https://github.com/RagingFlames/Fire-Mod-Updater/blob/b2c8f70181d4b575631cbd13580b5ed55f3c4589/config.py#L68) settings with the correct url, the download link for the scriptVariables.json file is what you need to give them. That way, when they run the program, it first downloads that file, then reads it to see what files are also availible on your server. After the program downloads that file, it will print to screen whatever is in the `message` field of the json and check the version specified in the json with the version of the program they have. If they are off by a major version, the program will warn them that they probably shouldn't continue. The json can have as many items in it as you want, and they can be nested as deep as you want. [Some objects have special names that won't be shown to the user as a selectable item ](https://github.com/RagingFlames/Fire-Mod-Updater/blob/b2c8f70181d4b575631cbd13580b5ed55f3c4589/modinstall.py#L13). Anything configured inside the `meta` object is to assist the program in figuring out what to download/where to place it. If a parent object has a meta configuration, the program will store that, but it will be over written by any child object configurations.  In the example provided in the repo, `Stellaris` has a meta object that defines the install location for mac, linux, and windows, but if the user selects `sub cat example` the mac install location will be overwritten.

# Building
Install all the prerequisits and then install [PyInstaller](https://pyinstaller.org/en/stable/). Run `build.bat` to build the script into a standalone executable.
